I'm David karna and I'm sure a lot of
you know about the Jawbone Jambox
wireless speaker well this is the new
shrunken down version of it
the jawbone mini which is almost half
the size of the original and not too
much bigger than some smartphones I was
particularly impressed with the design
the mini looks and feels great the body
is a single aluminum enclosure housing
stereo drivers and a passive radiator
it's available in a mixture of nine
different colors and varying grille
styles but make no mistake about it this
is first and foremost a lifestyle
product in shrinking down the original
Jambox jaw bones engineers have created
a wireless speaker that's designed to be
carried around with you wherever you go
a constant companion to your smartphone
tablet or laptop this thing small enough
to fit in a woman's purse or my indiana
jones-style murse from water filled bags
which scene it's brian Tong has tried to
steal from me on numerous occasions
you'll find the standard bluetooth
speaker features on-board charging via
microUSB lining for Wired audio sources
and built-in speakerphone capabilities
topside buttons provide play/pause and
volume controls and the mini includes
the same speech cues and live audio
sound processing mode found on the other
Jambox models you can upload different
style voices male or female by
connecting the speaker to your computer
and ready to go there's also a jawbone
app for iOS and one on the way for
Android as for battery like jawbone is
promising 10 hours of streaming time on
a full charge of its integrated lithium
ion battery but of course battery life
will vary according to how loud do you
play the speaker the question of course
is does the mini sound any good well
that depends on what you're comparing it
to
there are certainly other small speakers
in this price range that sound better
and can play louder the Bose Soundlink
mini and ue boom for example but at the
same time you'd be hard-pressed to find
a speaker that's as tiny as the jam box
mini that sounds as good as it does I
found the mini sound too cleaner than
the original
damn box and plate as loud enough for
some base and can fill a small room with
sound but it also has its limitations so
don't expect the world from it still I
was impressed by how much sound jawbone
it was able to get out of a speaker this
size was able to improve on the sound of
the original while shrinking the speaker
down I do think the mini should cost
less it's pretty pricey at 179 and would
have been nice if jawbone had included
some sort of carrying pouch protective
cover like it did with the original but
other than those gripes as far as tiny
bluetooth speakers go the jawbone mini
is about as good as it gets
I'm David Carr noise thanks for watching